README.md, before:

# udacity-frontEndWebDev-p1-PersonalBlog

## Installation Instructions

```
git clone <thisRepo>
cd <toTheDirectoryTheRepoIsIn>
click the index.html file so it opens in a browser
```

The application should now be working
_Note:_ this is a static HTML site and requires no web server

## Application Flow

```
| - BlogList (entry point is index.html)
| \ BlogPost - by clicking on any article in the BlogList
_note_ - currently there is only the JS spread operator article
\ about - is in the footer, which is the bottom of the left column
\ credits - is in the footer, which is the bottom of the left column
| \ authors - enter by viewing an article and clicking on the author's name
```

## Page Structure

```
|-------------------- HEADER ---------------------------
| menu . . . ."
| menu content1 . content2"
| menu
| menu content3 . content4"
| menu
| menu content5 . content6 "
| footer ";
```

The page structure is defined in:

- for index.html it's defined in src/styling/blogListGrid.css using the Grid System
- for the other pages it's defined in src/styling/blogPostClasses.css using flexBox

Normally only one system would be used for defining the structure. Two were used to demonstrate knowledge of both.

## Directory Structure

```
| - Index.html (the entry point)
| \ src - the direcotry where the rest of the code is at
| \ authors - information on the authors for the articles
| \ posts - the posts
| \ styling - holds the CSS for the grids, flexbox and styling
```

## Notes

- To auto-refresh the page every 3 seconds during development, uncomment the following in index.html

```
   <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="3" />
```

- Used <link > for importing stylesheets instead of @import based on StackOverflow recommendation
  [Link vs import](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10036977/best-way-to-include-css-why-use-import)

## Notes for Udacity Reviewer

- The image caption (using figcaption) is in the src/blogPosts/credits.html page

The following information is in the author page, which is accessed by view the post and clicking on the authors name

Blog Post
✅Header
❌Author Info
❌Name
❌Title
❌Current Company/School
❌Short Bio
❌Avatar
❌Social Sharing
❌Twitter
❌Facebook
❌LinkedIn

Commit message:

Tweaks to readme on directory structure and review

README.md, after:

# udacity-frontEndWebDev-p1-PersonalBlog

## Installation Instructions

```
git clone <thisRepo>
cd <toTheDirectoryTheRepoIsIn>
click the index.html file so it opens in a browser
```

The application should now be working
_Note:_ this is a static HTML site and requires no web server

## Application Flow

```
| - BlogList (entry point is index.html)
| \ BlogPost - by clicking on any article in the BlogList
_note_ - currently there is only the JS spread operator article
\ about - is in the footer, which is the bottom of the left column
\ credits - is in the footer, which is the bottom of the left column
| \ authors - enter by viewing an article and clicking on the author's name
```

## Page Structure

```
|-------------------- HEADER ---------------------------
| menu . . . ."
| menu content1 . content2"
| menu
| menu content3 . content4"
| menu
| menu content5 . content6 "
| footer ";
```

The page structure is defined in:

- for index.html it's defined in src/styling/blogListGrid.css using the Grid System
- for the other pages it's defined in src/styling/blogPostClasses.css using flexBox

Normally only one system would be used for defining the structure. Two were used to demonstrate knowledge of both.

## Directory Structure

```
| Index.html (the entry point)
| \ src - the directory where the rest of the code is at
|   \ authors - information on the authors for the articles
      \ css - css styling for the author content

|   \ blogList - the posts
      \ css - css styling for the blogList (index.html)

|   \ blogPosts - holds the CSS for the grids, flexbox and styling
      \ css - css styling for the blogPosts (index.html)

|   \ shared - holds shared code / assets
      \ css - css styling used by multiple categories


```

## Notes

- To auto-refresh the page every 3 seconds during development, uncomment the following in index.html

```
   <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="3" />
```

- Used <link > for importing stylesheets instead of @import based on StackOverflow recommendation
  [Link vs import](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10036977/best-way-to-include-css-why-use-import)

## Notes for Udacity Reviewer

- The image caption (using figcaption) is in the src/blogPosts/credits.html page

The following information is in the author page, which is accessed by view the post and clicking on the authors name. It shows they were not there in the review, but they were in the authors page.

```
Blog Post
✅Header
❌Author Info
❌Name
❌Title
❌Current Company/School
❌Short Bio
❌Avatar
❌Social Sharing
❌Twitter
❌Facebook
❌LinkedIn
``
```
